I'm gonna no heat call my name is Tony
Diploma first thing I'm checking is
making sure that is oil on the tank a
lot of times these gauges don't work
this is a gauge indicator it shows how
much oil you should have in the tank my
trick is let's open up the little plug
with a pair of pliers when I stick my
rule down to half it'll actually could
tell me how much oil is in the tank and
I have a little chart and it goes by
inches more inches the more oil so if we
came across all that and all that's good
I like to put a chemical inside there
that eats up all the sludge because that
could be another problem while you're
not the heats not working I have a
chemical here called
superheat you're pouring in your tank it
tells you in the background how to use
it you can buy it in any home center or
even look on my website what it does it
it loosens up all the sludge that would
burn up into your burner a lot of people
like to put the tanks back pitch so all
the sludge leads away from the valve
doesn't believe in that theory I think
it should be pitched towards the valve
so if you have any sludge it burns
slowly if you get a good amount of
sludge in that if there's being back
pitch for 20 years you start to get a
leak in that tank you've got problems
that's my theory this here is a fill an
event life okay what the vent line does
it has a whistle on it it tells the
driver outside how much oil you can put
in the tank when the whistle stops oil
tank is filled that's very important to
have out an oil tank